[Laughter]
[Music]
hey guys welcome back to my channel I am
here with Jessa my mom bah bah
whoa
so we are doing a challenge video and
we're gonna be doing a lot of these so
if you guys have any challenge ideas put
them down below in the comment section
so put today's challenge between the M
berry taste tripped challenge so the M
Barry is this berry that has been put
together from ingredients from a miracle
berry fruits of some thoughts that I
believe that they found in Nigeria I am
NOT angry about this one
but anyways this pill is supposed to
you're supposed to put it on your tongue
let it dissolve and then it like changes
how your tongue works so sour things end
up tasting really sweet now here is the
thing so I kind of ordered this like
remember like a year ago and he said
they were gonna shoot this like
seventeen thousand times it's expired
and miss that expired it's great best
before this before when that's not
important
so anyways in order for this to work I
have an assortment of things I wish I'll
be trying out from a jalopy no pepper
more than hauls it aka a jalapeno pepper
we have chili sauce we have lemon we
have apple cider vinegar and citric acid
in a powder form and also cream cheese
yeah
and we're gonna see what's actually
gonna make I'm gonna work different so
we each tick up okay cuz because it is
invested before did we just stick to the
acoustical of what kind of logic it
makes sense to me no significant source
of calories from okay
place em very on your tongue and
dissolve completely now create and enjoy
it on experiences know anything about do
not do this
[Music]
yeah so we're gonna start with some sour
stuff so this is Alamo in case you've
never had a lemon
this is what it looks like whoa
[Music]
oh my god this is delicious
this is so sweet don't like that you
want one oh my god if you guys want to
order this peels by the way I'm gonna
put the link down below this delicious
and I want this to run out okay next
things okay so we have a gem of the
closet a jello Pina Pina Pizza delicious
it might in the most with the level of
the problem with men's at the bottom
eight on I think we're the thing that
would actually touch to be nothing so
this is cream cheese cream cheese from
cheese
miss no it wasn't broken okay we had
taken another pill I just want to go
with necessary to really properly taste
this
you got just one yeah cream cheese take
two boo
just take mother yeah it'll be good if
you want I mean people do like mice a
mother no no mother I love it
no it's nice on stuff that just move it
just is throwing me off mmm I don't hate
it though I just confused no I'm okay
I'm just hello confused okay two last
things that we're trying the apple cider
vinegar
you just feel it going down but on this
talk it's a very okay to Zacapa wheat
apple juice Uzi it's yummy I just like
sour apple juice wait one last our thing
sorry I'm not prepared enough to like
matter to have the stuff in front
[Applause]
that is dog moving I decide to burn
my tongue
okay not the thing that I really wanted
to try it is good it does the sweet
stuff
[Music]
great strawberries I'm crazy right do it
oh that is so good it's so good
strawberry
[Music]
for sure but the pills work oh yeah it's
I need to buy like go out to these pills
and every time and you know how buzz
give you this dried out
[Music]
it's from 9gag do shipping out to ship
this to my brother we brought it in for
me he smuggled me some flavor trippin
pill which by the way are not drugs cuz
I feel like someone's gonna wow it's not
a drug that's just something that just
messes with your tongue anyway so you
guys can follow us on our instagrams
disease and social media and he also has
a YouTube channel we're gonna be doing
some challenges on his channel that I'm
not bothering us on anyway thank you all
but stopping by
see you all Wednesday
ah
[Applause]
[Music]